CNV#50738: Doc: Update downstream doc Delete Protection for VMs (#90981)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-enabling-disabling-vm-delete-protection-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/managing-vms/virt-enabling-disabling-vm-delete-protection.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="virt-enabling-disabling-vm-delete-protection-cli_{context}"]

Reviewer: IMHO these should be two separate one-command procedures, not a single one. Probably want to modularize these some time later prior to DITA migration.

Author: I can do that in another PR; thanks.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
delete extra line

> = Enabling or disabling virtual machine delete protection by using the command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Enabling or disabling VM delete protection by using the command line
```
I think you can get away with VM in the headline since you define it right away in text. Be more scannable for users.

> To prevent the inadvertent deletion of a virtual machine (VM), you can enable virtual machine delete protection by using the command line. You can also disable delete protection for a VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the inadvertent deletion of a virtual machine (VM), you can enable VM delete protection by using the command line. You can also disable delete protection for a VM.
```

By default, delete protection is not enabled for VMs. You must set the option for each individual VM.

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed the {oc-first}.

Reviewer: You also need to know the VMs you want to protect or allow to be deleted, right?

Author: Andrea had me remove that prereq in her peer review.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/managing-vms/virt-enabling-disabling-vm-delete-protection.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-enabling-disabling-vm-delete-protection-cli_{context}"]

= Enabling or disabling virtual machine delete protection by using the command line

> To prevent the inadvertent deletion of a virtual machine, you can enable virtual machine delete protection by using the command line. Should you change your mind, you can easily disable delete protection for a VM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent the inadvertent deletion of a VM, you can enable virtual machine delete protection by using the command line. Should you change your mind, you can easily disable delete protection for a VM.
```

> To prevent the inadvertent deletion of a virtual machine (VM), you can enable virtual machine delete protection by using the command line. Should you change your mind, you can easily disable delete protection for a VM.

Reviewer 3: "Should you change your mind" sounds a little informal. I'd just say something more concise that it can be disabled in the future if needed.

I think we usually try to avoid "easily" too

> By default, VMs are not enabled with delete protection. You must set the option for each individual VM.

Reviewer 3: I don't think this reads right. Added a suggestion below but I'm sure you could do it another way

```suggestion
By default, delete protection is not enabled for VMs. You must set the option for each individual VM.
```

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed {VirtProductName} 4.19 or later.

Reviewer 3: This isn't necessary because you're only applying this PR to the 4.19+ branch. I'd remove this

Author: I'd like to leave the 4.19 mention and remove "or later."

Reviewer 3: This one I would strongly advise against keeping. If you think about it, people would be adding this for all new 4.19 features. It doesn't make sense to do it here, but not everywhere. Unless there's a really good argument for it, I think you should remove it. But feel free to talk to your team for further input!

> * You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

Reviewer 3: Not critical, but we do have an attribute for this: {oc-first}

.Procedure

* Enable delete protection for a VM by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc patch vm <vm-name> --type merge -p '{"metadata":{"labels":{"kubevirt.io/vm-delete-protection":"True"}}}' -n <namespace>

Reviewer 3: Underscore for <vm_name>, here and below
